Now one important thing which I've forgotten the last lecture here when we subscribed to user I.D. Of
course we only want to take one year.
We don't want to set up an ongoing subscription to whenever it is changes anywhere in the app but only
when that filter is clicked.
When we click that segment that button then we want to get to curtly signed into user I.D. and therefore
all add pipe.
Take one year and that of course means stats to take.
Operator here needs to be imported from our exchange as operators in that discover page.
Yes file not forgot doesn't The Last Lecture.
So definitely make sure to add this year by the way.
If you seem to forget this later in this module no worries I will definitely fix that just as I did
here.